== README

Instructions
generate a new rails app
cd into app and initialize as a new git repo.
add a remote matching the same name on your personal github.
using rails generate commands, create the models and migrations needed for amoebas, acts, and talents. acts and amoebas will have models, controllers, and views, whereas talent only needs a model to store the name of each special talent: acrobat, contortionist, clown, juggler, or freak;
Check the migrations to make sure they are correct and make any changes neccesary.
Fill in the appropriate active record associations for each model and then run the migrations.
Fill in the /db/seeds.rb to build some acts, special talents, and amoebas.
Then run rake db:seed to populate your development db.
make sure to include the following RESTful views:
display all amoebas (link name to show that amoeba)
show an individual amoeba (include a link to split amoeba using custom routes)
edit an individual amoeba so that it can be added to an act.
display all acts
show an indivdual act (that displays its date and all the amoba actors asiigned to it)
edit an individual act
bonus view: a single dashboard view that shows all acts, all amoebas, and a form to move amoebas
When completed copy and paste link to your github repos master branch to this post on Piazza.

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
